new option 'ignore-errors' for setting 'outgoing-axfr-expand-alias' (#11510)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/guides/alias.rst

``example.net``, it will resolve the A record for
``mywebapp.paas-provider.net`` and serve an answer for ``example.net``
with that A record.

> If the ALIAS target can not be resolved (SERVFAIL) or does not exist (NXDOMAIN) the authoritative server will answer SERVFAIL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the ALIAS target cannot be resolved (SERVFAIL) or does not exist (NXDOMAIN) the authoritative server will answer SERVFAIL.
```

Reviewer 2: thx, done

.. _alias_axfr:

AXFR Zone transfers
-------------------

When a zone containing ALIAS records is transferred over AXFR, the :ref:`setting-outgoing-axfr-expand-alias` setting controls the behaviour of ALIAS records.

When set to 'no' (the default), ALIAS records are sent as-is (RRType 65401 and a DNSName in the RDATA) in the AXFR.

> When set to 'yes', PowerDNS will lookup the A and AAAA records of the name in the ALIAS-record and send the results in the AXFR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to 'yes', PowerDNS will look up the A and AAAA records of the name in the ALIAS-record and send the results in the AXFR.
```

Reviewer 2: thx, done

This is useful when your secondary servers do not understand ALIAS, or should not look up the addresses themselves.
Note that secondaries will not automatically follow changes in those A/AAAA records unless you AXFR regularly.

> If the ALIAS target can not be resolved, the AXFR will fail.

Reviewer 2: done

> When set to 'ignore-errors', an unresolvable ALIAS target will be omitted from the outgoing transfer instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to 'ignore-errors', an unresolvable ALIAS target will be omitted from the outgoing transfer.
```

I don't think `instead` adds value...

Reviewer 2: indeed. dropped it

> When set to 'ignore-errors', an unresolvable ALIAS target will cause the ALIAS record to be ignored in the outgoing transfer instead.

Reviewer 2: yeah. i reworded the sentence to:

When set to 'ignore-errors', an unresolvable ALIAS target will be omitted from the outgoing transfer instead.

.. warning::
  Setting ``setting-outgoing-axfr-expand-alias`` to 'ignore-errors', will allow an outgoing AXFR with a broken ALIAS target to complete, but the secondary server will receive an incomplete zone.
  There is no standard mechanism for automatic re-transfer for zones broken in this way.

>   You should make sure this behaviour is acceptable in your usecase, provide custom integration tooling to monitor such problems, and possibly fix them automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should make sure this behaviour is acceptable in your use case, provide custom integration tooling to monitor such problems, and possibly fix them automatically.
```

Reviewer 2: thx

the RDATA) in the AXFR. When set to 'yes', PowerDNS will lookup the A
and AAAA records of the name in the ALIAS-record and send the results in
the AXFR.
If the ALIAS target can not be resolved during AXFR the AXFR will fail.
To allow outgoing AXFR also if the ALIAS targets are broken you can set
:ref:`setting-outgoing-axfr-expand-alias` to 'ignore-errors', but
be warned, this will lead to inconsistent zones between the Primary and

> Secondary name servers.

Reviewer 3: please add some formatting so this warning is *very* clear

Reviewer 3: oh, speaking of reformatting, we're trying to transition to one sentence per line, which makes diff cleaners. Can you do that for the bits you're adding/changing?

Reviewer 2: ah yes, done
